# Gluu Server (C)ommunity (E)dition Installation Guide

## System Requirements

For the purpose of using the Gluu Community Edition aka Gluu CE, we recommend using a VM with:

* CentOS 6.5
* CPU: 2 
* RAM: 2 GB

In short more is good.

Once the VM is prepared, we can move ahead for actual installation.

## Installing the GLUU CE

* Login to the system as root.
* Install the server with the following command:

    rpm -ivh http://repo.gluu.org/GLUU/centos/6.5/base/x86_64/Packages/GLUU-1.0.5-CE.el6.x86_64.rpm

Wait for some time to complete it's installation. It takes around 10 minutes to complete the installation with the VM of 2GB and 2 core processor.

* We've included complete chroot environment for this server. So, before moving for the configuration, we have to login to chroot.
* Login to chroot environment with: 

    chroot /home/my-package/chroot/gluu/ su - root

* Configure the environment in /etc/gluuce/config. 
* This is to keep in mind, that at present the config variables do not tolerate any spaces around '='. The format of the config file is like: 
    key=value
* Minimum two things should be provided for configuring your environment:

	* The IP of the VM where the services can listen to.
  	* The hostname which will be used in url of the appliance. E.g. if we want the url to be: https://gluuce.gluu.org, we'll mention hostName as gluuce.gluu.org.
  	* It is recommended that the variables starting with the word "old" should not be touched unless you know what you are doing.

* Once you are ready for the configuration, please run the command: gluuce_configuration
* The inum and inumOrg are generated by configuration automatically. These should be left untouched unless there is absolute need for that.
* The configuration takes around 2 minutes for completion. Once it completes, the appliance is ready for being accessed from browser.
* Only https is allowed for browsing the server. The typical url you'll enter in the browser will be: https://the.hostname.you.have.chosen 
* The default user/pass is admin/admin.
